I have to treat you for that.
But you have to take off your clothes.
What!
Undress
Just kidding.
Get down now
I need to massage your tailbone
Thank you brother
It hurts a little bit, bear with it
Okay, that's it for today.
How long is my brother worth?
Well, it will take about a week.
What a week?
Be content
Nerve damage is the hardest disease to treat
Thanks for encountering a magic doctor like me
To cure your disease
Otherwise, your terminal illness cannot be cured by others.
Oh, I see.
Thank you brother
By the way, what's your name, brother?
My name is Chu Long
My name is Waiting for Yixue
Study the Dong family
Brother, you saved me
What do you need in the future?
I will definitely help